https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/c-programming-interview-questions/

What are the basic Datatypes supported in C Programming Language?
What do you mean by Dangling Pointer Variable in C Programming?
What do you mean by the Scope of the variable? What is the scope of the variables in C?
What are static variables and functions?
Differentiate between calloc() and malloc()
What are the valid places where the programmer can apply Break Control Statement?
How can we store a negative integer?
Differentiate between Actual Parameters and Formal Parameters.
Can a C program be compiled or executed in the absence of a main()?
What do you mean by a Nested Structure?
What is a C Token?
What is preprocessor?
Why is C called the mother of all languages?
Mention the features of C programming language
What is the purpose of printf() and scanf() in C?
What is an array?
What is /0 character?
What is the main difference between compiler and interpreter
Can I use int datatype to store value 32768?

How is a function declared in C?
What is dynamic memory allocation? Mention the syntax
What do you mean by Dangling Pointer Variable in C?
Where can we not use & (address operator) in C?
Write a simple example of a structure in c
Differentiate between call by value and call by references
Differentiate between getch() and getche()
Explain toupper() with an example
Write code to generate random numbers in C
Can i create a customized Head File in C?
What do you mean by memory leak?
Explain local static variables and what is their use?
Difference between declaring a header file with <> and ""
When to use register storage specifier
Which statement is efficient and why? x = x + 1; or x++?
Can I declare the same variable name to the variables which have different scopes?
Which operator can be used to access union data members if the union variable is declared as a pointer?
Mention file operations in c
What are the different storage class specifiers in C?
What is typecasting?
Write C program to print hello world with using semicolon
Write a program to swap two numbers without using the third variable

How can you print a string with the symbol % in it?
Write a code to print the following pattern.
Explain the # pragma directive.
How can you remove duplicates in an array?
What is Bubble Sort Algorithm? Explain with a program.
What is Round-robin algorithm? Write a code for Round Robin Scheduling.
Which structure is used to link the program and the operating system?
What are the limitations of scanf() and how can it be avoided?
Differentiate between the macros and the functions.
Suppose a global variable and local variable have the same name. Is it is possible to access a global variable from a block where local variables are defined?