https://www.interviewbit.com/c-interview-questions/

Why is C called a mid-level programming language?
What are the features of the C language?
What is a token?
What is the use of printf() and scanf() functions? Also explain format specifiers?
What's the value of the expression 5["abxdef"]?
What is a built-in function in C?
What is a Preprocessor?
In C, What is the #line used for?
How can a string be converted to a number?
How can a number be converted to a string?
What is recursion in C?
Why doesn’t C support function overloading?
What is the difference between global int and static int declaration?
What is a pointer in C?
Difference between const char* p and char const* p?
What is pointer to pointer in C?
Why n++ executes faster than n+1 ?
What is typecasting in C?
What are the advantages of Macro over function?
What are Enumerations?
When should we use the register storage specifier?

Specify different types of decision control statements?
What is an r-value and l-value?
What is the difference between malloc() and calloc()?
What is the difference between struct and union in C?
What is call by reference in functions?
What is pass by reference in functions?
What is a memory leak? How to avoid it?
What is Dynamic memory allocation in C? Name the dynamic allocation functions.
What is typedef?
Why is it usually a bad idea to use gets()? Suggest a workaround.
What is the difference between #include "..." and #include <...>?
What are dangling pointers? How are dangling pointers different from memory leaks?
What is the difference between ‘g’ and “g” in C?
What is a near pointer and a far pointer in C?
Which structure is used to link the program and the operating system?
Suppose a global variable and local variable have the same name. Is it possible to access a global variable from a block where local variables are defined?
Which is better #define or enum?

How can you remove duplicates in an array?
Can we compile a program without a main() function?
Write a program to get the higher and lower nibble of a byte without using shift operator?
How do you override a defined macro?
Write a C program to check if it is a palindrome number or not using a recursive method.
C program to check the given number format is in binary or not.
C Program to find a sum of digits of a number using recursion.
Can you tell me how to check whether a linked list is circular?
What is the use of a semicolon (;) at the end of every program statement?
How to call a function before main()?
Differentiate between the macros and the functions.
Differentiate Source Codes from Object Codes
What are header files and what are its uses in C programming?
When is the "void" keyword used in a function
What is dynamic data structure?
Add Two Numbers Without Using the Addition Operator
Subtract Two Number Without Using Subtraction Operator
Multiply an Integer Number by 2 Without Using Multiplication Operator
Check whether the number is EVEN or ODD, without using any arithmetic or relational operators
Reverse the Linked List. Input: 1->2->3->4->5->NULL Output: 5->4->3->2->1->NULL
Check for Balanced Parentheses using Stack
Program to find n’th Fibonacci number
Write a program to find the node at which the intersection of two singly linked lists begins.
Merge Two sorted Linked List